This is just a doc containing the text that the tools at https://nh.outerwildsmods.com/guides/translation/ won't catch for
translations. It follows the format "text": description, where text is the English version of the text in the mod and
description is a short description of the context for that text. They are also separated into the sections of the
translation doc that they should be in.

I think this is fairly exhaustive, but if you happen to notice any texts that the tool doesn't catch and aren't listed here
please make an issue in the GitHub repo!

Naturally all of these are up to translator discretion. If you want to leave anything as the original text that's no
problem, I just want to make sure things like that are done purposefully rather than because my code made it difficult.

---UI---
"Gravity Crystal": Displayed when a player goes to pick up one of the portable gravity crystals.
"Toxin Injector": Displayed when a player goes to pick up the toxin injector.
"SCOUT RECALL COMPLETED": The notification that pops up when the scout finishes being recalled from the dangerous node.
"Sit": The prompt for sitting with Ditylum.
"Pet": The prompt when going to pet fish eyes.
"Press": The prompt when going to use the door buttons.
"Grab": The prompt when going to grab the handles on Kevin's teeth.
"Flip Lever": The prompt when going to toggle the tractor beams via their levers.
"RECALL REQUEST UNACKNOWLEDGED": The notification when the player attempts to recall the scout from the dangerous node.
"WARNING: EXCESSIVE HEAT DETECTED": The notification displayed near Magma's Recursion.
"<!> Untranslated Dree writing <!>": The text displayed when hovering over Dree text before translating it.
"Signal: ": The text displayed before signal names when locking on to them. Note the colon and space inside of the
            quotation marks.
"WARNING: FLAMMABLE GAS DETECTED": The notification displayed in the gas cave of Magma's Recursion.

---Other---
"Forgotten Castaways": The text displayed on the splash screen after sitting with Ditylum.


The following lines may be noted by the tools talked about above, but I'm not sure. I've included them here just to be safe

---ShipLog---
"Stranded Alien": A rumor name for the Venomous Reject ship log entry
"Rescue Mission": A rumor name for the Venomous Reject ship log entry

---UI--- (These are all just names of different planets/dimensions as they appear in the map mode of the ship log)
"Bramble's Doorstep"
"Briar's Hollow"
"Titan's Tears"
"Lover's Rock"
"Shattered Hearth"
"Parent's Rest"
"The Nursery"
"The Venomous Reject"
"Bright Hollow"
"Magma's Recursion"
"Bramble's Heart"
